README.md, before:

windows-programmer-dvorak
=========================

Contains the MS Keyboard Layout Creator source file for Programmer Dvorak (as found on [http://www.kaufmann.no/roland/dvorak/](http://www.kaufmann.no/roland/dvorak/)).

How is this better than the Windows driver provided on that site?

1. I use Microsoft's Keyboard Layout Creator to make a native solution. This means that the 10-key number pad layout will be preserved, rather than taking on the same key assignments as the number row.
2. The source file will be included. This means you will be able to customize and recompile the source to suit your needs. Note: compiling from source will require the [Keyboard Layout Creator](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/goglobal/bb964665.aspx) from Microsoft. With the Layout Creator, you will then be able to redistribute your modifications via installer. Pretty slick.

Feel free to create pull requests with any changes.

For MacOS, see this sister project: <https://github.com/jayliu50/macos-programmer-dvorak>

Commit message:

Update README.md with contributing and resources section

README.md, after:

windows-programmer-dvorak
=========================

Contains the MS Keyboard Layout Creator source file for Programmer Dvorak (as found on [http://www.kaufmann.no/roland/dvorak/](http://www.kaufmann.no/roland/dvorak/)).

How is this better than the Windows driver provided on that site?

1. I use Microsoft's Keyboard Layout Creator to make a native solution. This means that the 10-key number pad layout will be preserved, rather than taking on the same key assignments as the number row.
2. The source file will be included. This means you will be able to customize and recompile the source to suit your needs. Note: compiling from source will require the [Keyboard Layout Creator](http://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/goglobal/bb964665.aspx) from Microsoft. With the Layout Creator, you will then be able to redistribute your modifications via installer. Pretty slick.

For MacOS, see this sister project: <https://github.com/jayliu50/macos-programmer-dvorak>

Contributing
------------

My knowledge of the keyboard layout creator or even the the features of Roland Kaufmann's original implementation is limited. I will need to depend on the community to help address issues. Feel free to create pull requests with any changes.

### Guides and resources (please add more if you discover them) 

- http://www.fieldlinguiststoolbox.org/Creating_a_Keyboard_Using_MSKLC.pdf?i=1
